Okay Richard, that's terrific.
Your pressure is 120 over 75 and that's fine.
Now stand up please.
Good.
It's 122 over 80.
I think I sit down.
How would your last complete physical?
Six months ago.
Good.
Do you have any back or knee problems?
Nope.
I'm in perfect health.
What do you do for a living, Mr. Stewart?
I'm a photographer.
Interesting.
What do you photograph?
Everything.
The American scene.
People, places, events.
Did you ever think of photographing in a rowing class?
No.
I can't remember taking pictures of people exercising.
But don't you think it'd be a good subject?
Sure.
I need some good photos for my advertising, Mr. Stewart.
Maybe you can photograph a class and I can give you and
Mrs. Stewart a month of classes free.
What kind of photograph a class?
Anytime.
About today.
Terrific.
Hi.
All right, here we go.
Yeah.
Get in our lines.
Go, horse.
Spread your.
We're going to go left first.
Two, three, four.
Now, switch.
OK.
Hold it right.
Fill me right.
Scared it out.
Left back.
You want to get up?
Twice.
Inside.
Two, three.
In red.
woosh.
Turn it!
Be natural.
Let's do it!
Stretch it out.
We're going to work down with Tango.
Left, right.
Enjoy it.
Let's do it.
Do, do, do, do.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
Richard, did you go to the Davis aerobics
Yes, I went to the er
It's wrong with you.
Do do do do do do do do nothing.
I am an excellent health.
I have ideal blood pressure.
A perfect heart.
In other words, I'm in wonderful condition.
Richard, did you go to the erobics class really?
I don't forget to invite Susan for dinner.
And your legs don't hurt?
What do you mean?
What about your arms?
Look your arms up like this.
And they don't hurt?
Not even a little?
No.
You are in great condition.